we're not showing a really good
performance right now so we don't want
to be arrogant well say five of em si
I'm joined right now by prey as well
sujin it's gonna help translate as as
I've acre stand on rocks you guys can't
see anyway with covers presented by a
twitch chat and all you guys and
everything anyway we're getting in to
this interview and King's Own well
they're moving on to Paris everything
feels good for them pray do you feel
like King's Own may be found fine found
your groove your your situation after
having kind of a rough start to the
beginning of the split or the tournament
can let you know to move person huacatay
oh it's a party cut the Kings on a poor
girl is a well you miss the return for
this is the conundrum okay take your
hand all right the Chickasaw coming
halfway : yo
sorry Kathy very cold
after each game usually we show our
emotion but now we come freely and we're
just always wondering so what's wrong
and we were trying to figure you out and
we really hope to find our thing back
until Paris so still working on it
you know there I feel like the
conversation at MSI is pivoted between
mids and ATC smitson ACC's I'm very
curious for you what do you think of the
other ADCs at this event
neither I won't until you got some more
money down and a president has passer
to10 does not scale cousin terrible news
on Saturday so we send Jay Cooke in
there do not take in this harana no no
don't you donate tickets on my nipple
would create a cartel
well um I think all the all the teams
well they made it to who made it to
Paris they're really good agency like
kuzey so I'll have to pay attention to
them
are there any that have surprised you or
stood out to you this event or maybe any
that have not been as solid as you
expected onion on the up don't good on
there I can say so now I don't think so
and I just think like the good players
are consistent what what do you think of
the strength of all these teams here on
the last day like are there any that
surprised you or stand out to you
because I have noticed that the teams
have felt a little inconsistent over the
past five days began you know honking
she had a pony car one day honking mr.
Trump you take a valium determine how
aggressive monitor meat and chicken
crunch of illegal tomahto
I think during this group stage like
it's best of one select people the
team's prepare for one game you know so
that's why we could see some this kind
of results that makes sense for sure
what do you think of the strength of the
different ADC champions because we've
seen Caixa and gin gin maybe seems a
little weak kog'maw what do you think
are the standout at this event
[Music]
well the win rate speak for themselves
I think Jean has not really he doesn't
have a really good reason written out so
Kaiser Kokomo and Israel they're the
best addresses at the moment forget what
do you think King zones chances
of winning it all in Paris next in the
next couple days hi the Kings on the
Yvonne - it was so much fun you know
what I think is you put a rock yeah well
I'd say 25% as their four teams
qualified so peanut use that same line
on me the other day is this like a
king's own special King John is
reinventing higher up on the mud
but in there the team in acacia before
my usual predominant in common and we
got well it's not something we've
prepared together it's just like we're
not showing a really good performance
right now so we don't want to be
arrogant that's why we say 25% very good
anything that you want to say to any of
the fans out there praying thank you for
sharing us thank you so much for the
interview thank you for the translation
looking forward to see how you do in
Paris in just a couple days for everyone
else you can check out there's my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel I've got some
good news for you there's a spot right
here right next to me on the sponge
saved for you because you know what at
gaffer dinda strees we are looking for
talented individuals like yourself and
the the first step in the application
process is just subscribing to the
YouTube channel the second step is
hitting up the support page or the
patreon but but we could just sit at all
on the first step right now if you if
you've only gone to that and then and
then you'll be here with me at gaffer
industries the rising tide the company
that's going to take over at all just
just sign up